---
layout: featured
title: Integrated Models and Software Interfacing
icon: /assets/img/icons/code-working-outline.svg
image: /assets/img/service/pexels-thisisengineering-3862132-min.jpg
description: We deliver physics based modelling applications
---


<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-12">
        <div class="service-details mb-40">
            <h3>Complex systems need structured frameworks</h3>
            <p> Nuclear fusion is a complex field where various data is collected or generated by experimental measurements, calculations and simulations done by a diverse set of research groups. As such data is generated over many geometries and physical parameters. As such, well structered frameworks and interfaces are needed to ensure interoperability between different teams and data structures. Here is where we come into play. We have experience working on the coupling of simulation codes, data structures, as wel as a <a href="_posts/news/2021-03-21-ITER-IMAS-Python.md">python interface to improve user access to complex data-structures</a>. If your multidiscplinary data 
            </p>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-12">
        <div class="service-details mb-40">
            <h3>Integration of Simulation Software</h3>
            <p>
            We work on the integrated modelling of free-boundary-equilibrium and transport problems coupled with control systems.
	    </p>
        </div>
    </div>    
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-12">
        <div class="service-details mb-40">
            <h3>Data Structures and Interfaces</h3>
            <p>
            Potentiam subtilitatis nostris lorem ipsum physicae exemplaribus liberamus, vestras ideas in rem convertentes. Innovate, simulare, et excellere cum nostro programmate provecto. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Possibilitates infinitas cum subtilitate et precisione. Futurem catenans cum technologia praeveniente reactorum fusionis nuclearis!
	    </p>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="service-details mb-30">
    <h3>Let us build your physics mdoel</h3>
    <p>Would you like a model? Get in touch!</p>
    {% include call_to_action_mini.html %}
</div>